Changelog: update for 0.5.1 (#453)
LedgerHQ/speculos: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.5.1] - 2024-02-15

### Added

> - Default timeout has been added for apdu exchange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add possibility to set up a timeout for APDU exchange with default value to 5min?
```
